Kafka example (#602)
smallrye/smallrye-reactive-messaging: documentation/src/main/doc/modules/kafka/pages/inbound.adoc

mp.messaging.incoming.prices.connector=smallrye-kafka       # <2>
mp.messaging.incoming.prices.value.deserializer=org.apache.kafka.common.serialization.DoubleDeserializer    # <3>
mp.messaging.incoming.prices.broadcast=true     # <4>
----
1. Configure the broker location. You can configure it globally or per channel
2. Configure the connector to manage the `prices` channel
3. Sets the (Kafka) deserializer to read the record's value

> 4. Make sure that we can receive from more that one consumer (see KafkaPriceConsumer and KafkaPriceMessageConsumer below) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make sure that we can receive from more that one consumer (see `KafkaPriceConsumer` and `KafkaPriceMessageConsume`r below) 
```
